Add functions for selecting labels based on filters (#40)
timescale/timescale-prometheus: pkg/docs/sql_schema.md

-----------+---------+------------+-------
         4 | {3,4}   | dev        | pinky
         5 | {5,6}   | production | brain
```

## Series Selectors

We have added simple-to-use series selectors for filtering series in either of the two views above.

### Containment

To test whether a series contains a json fragment you can use the `@>` containment operator.

For example to find all metrics on in the dev namespace and on node pinky, run:

```SQL
SELECT *
FROM cpu_usage  u
WHERE labels @> jsonb '{"namespace":"dev", "node": "pinky"'}
```

> 

Reviewer: perhaps a sample output?

> Sample output
> ``` 
>  series_id | labels  | namespace  | node  | region
>-----------+---------+------------+-------+--------
>          4 | {3,4,5} | dev        | pinky | East
>          5 | {3,4,5} | dev        | pinky | West
> ```
To demonstrate that unspecified matchers can be different

label keys. This is very similar to the label matchers available in PromQL.

For example to find all metrics on in the dev namespace and on node brain using
label matcher, you can run:

```SQL
SELECT *
FROM cpu_usage  u
WHERE labels ? ('namepace' == 'dev') AND labels ? ('node' == 'brain')
```

Label matchers are formed by using a qualifier of the form `labels ? (<tag_key> <operator> <pattern>)`.
There are four operators,

- `==` match tag values that are equal to the pattern
- `!==` match tag value that are not equal to the pattern
- `==~` match tag values that match the pattern as a regex
- `!=~` match tag values that are not equal to the pattern

These four matchers correspond to each of the four selectors in PromQL but with slightly
different names (to avoid clashing with other PostgreSQL operators). They can
be combined together using any boolean logic with any arbitrary where clauses.

For those coming from PromQL there are a few differences to keep in mind:
- Regexes are not anchored for you. Although, you can of course add anchors (`^$`) yourself.
- The logic for whether series that are missing the tag key pass the qualifier is slightly different:

>   The `!==` and `!=~` do always match series with missing keys while `==` and `==~` do not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the key on the left-hand side is not found `!==` and `!=~` always match, while `==` and `==~` never match.
```

### Equivalence

> The `eq` function tests equivalence between labels without comparing the metric name (`__name__`) label key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `eq` function tests exact equivalence between labels, without comparing the metric name (`__name__`) label key.
For instance if the labels `a` is `{"__name__":"metric", "foo":"bar", "baz":"frob"}`
then `SELECT eq(a, jsonb {"__name__":"something else", "foo":"bar", "baz":"frob"})` will evaluate to `true`, however, unlike `@>` if `SELECT eq(a, {"__name__":"metric", "foo":"bar"})` will evaluate to `false`.
```

Thus, it can be used to compare across metrics or within a metric.

For example, to join 2 series that are scraped at the same time:

```SQL
SELECT *
FROM cpu_usage  u
INNER JOIN cpu_total t  ON (u.time=t.time AND eq(u.labels, t.labels))
```

You can also use eq to compare to a json labels object:

```SQL
SELECT *
FROM cpu_usage
WHERE eq(labels , jsonb '{“namespace”:”prod”,”node”:”pinky”,"zone":"us-a1-east"}')
```

Note the above json equivalence requires the entire json object
to be specified. If you want a partial match see the Containment

> section above.

Reviewer: I think we should cut this, or expand it to be clear that exactness is required for `eq(label_ids, label_ids)` as well
